Update Simulators overview page (#157)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/verify/simulators.mdx

> IBM Quantum features a collection of high-performance simulators for prototyping quantum circuits and algorithms.

Reviewer: I think this intro should include some clarification that we are talking about the IBM Quantum cloud based simulators, not the Qiskit built in simulator. This could be a note box and link out to this part of the API ref: https://docs.quantum-computing.ibm.com/api/qiskit/providers

Author: Is there a more specific link? From a quick scan I can't easily find info on the Qiskit simulator. Would this be the right link? https://docs.quantum-computing.ibm.com/api/qiskit/providers_basicaer

Reviewer: ah yep thats the better url 👍

To view available simulators, on the upper right corner of the screen, click the Application switcher ( ![switcher](/images/migration/switcher-small2.png) ), select **Compute resources** to view the [Compute resources page,](https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/services/resources?services=simulators) then click All simulators.

> The following simulation methods support a maximum of 300 circuits and 8192 shots per job. Find more information on each simulator below, including its type, a description, the number of qubits it simulates, whether it includes noise modeling, a list of supported gates, and a minimum code example. The `simulator_statevector` is a good default choice since it is a general-purpose solution method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following simulation methods support a maximum of 300 circuits and 8192 shots per job. Find more information on each simulator below, including its type, a description, the number of qubits it simulates, whether it includes noise modeling, a list of supported gates, and how to call them using Qiskit Runtime. The `simulator_statevector` is a good default choice since it is a general-purpose solution method. 
```

> The following simulation methods support a maximum of 300 circuits and 8192 shots per job. Find more information on each simulator below, including its type, a description, the number of qubits it simulates, whether it includes noise modeling, a list of supported gates, and how to call them using Qiskit Runtime. The `simulator_statevector` is a good default choice since it is a general-purpose solution method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following simulation methods support a maximum of 300 circuits and 8192 shots per job. Find more information on each simulator below, including its type, a description, the number of qubits it simulates, whether it includes noise modeling, a list of supported gates, and how to call it using Qiskit Runtime. The `simulator_statevector` is a good default choice since it is a general-purpose solution method. 
```
oops I realised i got the grammar wrong in my previous suggestion

'multiplexer', 'initialize', 'kraus', 'roerror', 'delay']
```

**Code example**

```python

> backend = service.get_backend("simulator_statevector")

Reviewer: I think these code snippets should also include the imports and initialising the runtime service

Reviewer 2: Per https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation/issues/169, we also want files with code blocks to be Jupyter notebooks instead so that we can verify the code still works properly.

(From my perspective, I'm fine deferring that migration to Jupyter for this file, as long as its tracked and done in a follow up)
